Raised in Saint Louis, Jacob Laws was always bewitched by beautiful things and was driven by his creativity. So, it came as no surprise when he began drawing on the walls at an early age. Like most reasonable adults, Laws’ parents should have disciplined him for this, however, they realized it was more than scribbling: he was creating. Recognizing his talent, they frequently exposed him to all forms of art.
	In their desire to support and foster his creative education,
	his parents enrolled him in art classes at the Saint Louis Art Museum.His interest in design covered a wide spectrum,
	ever expanding his knowl  edge of art and form.After graduating,
	Laws enrolled at Columbia College to study art with a focus in art history.After which,
	he accepted an internship at Talent Plus / Centro Models.There,
	Laws was introduced to the fashion industry from an insider’ s point of view,
	working closely with agents,
	photographers,
	and clients.
	Eventually Laws joined the creative team at Splash,
	a boutique popular among the city’ s fashionistas and visiting celebs.There,
	he became the Creative Visual Director in charge of the company’ s merchandising and advertising.
	Laws was introduced to a handful of independent designers whose lines were carried,
	and his interest in designing his own label began to grow.Forming local alliances led to broader connections within the industry.Laws took advantage of opportunities within the local media to influence Saint Louis style.The venture turned into a well - received T - shirt line,
	FABRIk jacob laws,
	that sold in six boutiques in Saint Louis alone.
	Laws has imparted his knowledge of style,
	fashion,
	and design in a variety of mediums.In 2006 he was signed by Talent Plus / Centro Models as a multimedia stylist,
	generating more opportunity and involvement within the industry.He has styled and created style editorials
	for publication including St.Louis Magazine and ALIVE,
	hosted“ The Jacob Laws of Fashion” style segment on KTVI Fox 2,
	a Design Segment
	for Great Day St.Louis and held the title of Contributing Men’ s Fashion Editor at ALIVE Magazine.
	Laws’ style prowess isn’ t contained and focused on one medium.However,
	with an understanding that his past experience in the arts has brought him to where he is now in his career,
	his passion was realized and he found his niche within the creative world as Senior Designer with CURE Design Group.Previous to his professional involvement within the interior design industry,
	Laws cultivated his well - honed style savvy by utilizing friend’ s,
	family’ s and his own spaces as laboratories
	for his own particular brand of easy glamour.
	Laws ' designs are classic with a modern edge and clean-cut with impossibly sophisticated style. The juxtaposition of old and new, traditional and contemporary create visual interest and contribute to creating a refined, collected aesthetic. His inspiration gained from art, travel, fashion, culture, and history influence his passion for creating spaces that are stylish and have a distinctive point of view. His designs transcend trends and create living environments that work with the dynamics of a contemporary lifestyle - all of these elements that have shaped his well-honed design eye have earned him 9 Design Industry Awards, projects in countless publications, not to mention being named one of “St. Louis’ Top 7 Designers” and one of “St. Louis’ Men of Style.” His goal is to create aesthetically beautiful, innovative and functional living spaces by imparting his personal style and utilizing his creative instincts. Ensuring truly dynamic results that translate into simply good design is his imperative intention.
	Having completed many local designs,
	Laws has also worked nationally on such diverse projects as historic twin row houses,
	family retreats and farmhouses,
	eclectic redesigns of downtown lofts,
	and renovations of notable homes and fashionable shopping destination locations.Laws also lends his time to charitable organizations such as Food Outreach and is a Junior Board Member of the Contemporary Art Museum and the Board of St.Louis Fashion Fund.
	